[MTM-63273]: Cleanup of Device Certificate Authentication Documentation (#3235)
Cumulocity-IoT/c8y-docs: content/device-integration/device-integration-rest-bundle/rest-client-examples.md

### Hello X509 REST

In this section, we will learn how to generate a JWT token using mTLS protocol with {{< product-c8y-iot >}}.

> For authentication with {{< product-c8y-iot >}} we use X.509 certificates. To know more about X.509 certificates please refer [Device certificates](/device-certificate-authentication/device-certificates/). Device access token API is only accessible on port 8443.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
For authentication with {{< product-c8y-iot >}} we use X.509 certificates. To learn more about X.509 certificates refer to [Device certificates](/device-certificate-authentication/device-certificates/). The Device access token API is only accessible on port 8443.
```

> For authentication with {{< product-c8y-iot >}} we use X.509 certificates. To learn more about X.509 certificates refer to [Device certificates](/device-certificate-authentication/device-certificates/). The Device access token API is only accessible on port 8443.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
For authentication with {{< product-c8y-iot >}} we use X.509 certificates. To learn more about X.509 certificates, refer to [Device certificates](/device-certificate-authentication/device-certificates/). The Device access token API is only accessible on port 8443.
```
